[SidecarContainer] provide sidecar best practices hints about exit code (#48228)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers.md

exchange messages with the app container in a Pod. Any data passing is one-way
(for example, an init container can put information inside an `emptyDir` volume).

> From kubernetes perspective, sidecars will receive the `SIGTERM` following with `SIGKILL`,

Author: That makes sense.

> so exit codes != 0 for sidecar containers are normal on main container exit and should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so exit codes different from `0` (`0` indicates successful exit), for sidecar containers are normal on main container exit and should be ignored.
```

Reviewer: a bit more human readable

> From kubernetes perspective, sidecars will receive the `SIGTERM` following with `SIGKILL`,
> so exit codes != 0 for sidecar containers are normal on main container exit and should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Kubernetes perspective, sidecars graceful termination is less important. When other containers took all alloted graceful termination time, sidecar containers will receive the `SIGTERM` following with `SIGKILL` faster than may be expected. So exit codes different from `0` (`0` indicates successful exit), for sidecar containers are normal on Pod termination and should be generally ignored by the external tooling.
```
